Now let's actually learn how to do
some layouts and fun stuff like that.
Let's talk about constraints.
Constraints are not just
the deadline is in two weeks and
it's easily six weeks worth of work,
so let's not write unit tests, right?
That is one set of constraints.
These are constraints in terms
of like how your layout works.
By default, things are,
if you make a new frame,
the constraints are to the top and
left, right?
And so if I look at these,
you can say top and left.
So what does that mean?
Well, it means that if I grab
this corner and I drag it,
they stay to the top and
to the left, which is,
that's what you want, that's great.
If it's not what you want,
that's frustrating, right?
Especially, that's not really how
the web works a lot of times.
Yeah, if you just have like a div
with some absolute width and height,
you can change the browser window and it
will stay to the top of the left, great.
But if you have something like a nav bar,
you might want that to,
stretch with the browser window.
A sidebar, white stretch with the browser
window, a lot of vertical axes.
We would like to do a lot of
the stuff the same way so
that when we're kind of working
on responsive designs or
just our general sanity,
we can have the same things in place.
And so that's kind of what we use
constraints for in this example, right?
And so let's grab, so I don't have to
change a whole bunch of stuff at once.
Let's take a look at
this very simple example.
Here we've got a box, and
if we look the constraints at the top and
left, it will do exactly what
we saw before, and we, cool.
So what happens, however, if I put
it hypothetically in the center, and
I always want it to be in the center,
that's it's job.
Maybe I'm making the world's
worst radio button, right?
I would like the little dot in the radio
button to be in the center, right?
And so if I resize the thing,
that is arguably not what I want.
Could I then also resize the box in
the middle or could I recenter it?
I could, but you can imagine that
doing that at scale is going to,
make you not want to do it anymore, right?
It's gonna make you want to go outside and
do something else.
So, let's actually just
adjust the constraints and
get a sense of how all this might work,
right?
So we can grab this,
let's put it back in the center.
If I change the constraints to Center and
Center, right,
and I grab this frame, hey,
it's doing what I want now, right?
Similarly, if I do it to the right,
let's say if I was building this toolbar,
some of these I would want constrained
to the right, some of these I'd have
constrained to the center, some of these I
would have constrained to the left, right?
And so that if this expander contracted,
they would all follow whatever bound
they're supposed to follow, right?
The other one is in my world's
worst radio button example,
because when I put in the center,
it looked like a bad radio button.
If I set this to scale, Right,
then I can go ahead and
it will scale with the container.
The other kind of interesting
one that's really useful, Is to,
let's say,
let's make it like a pseudo navbar.
Up top, Right,
if I do, in this case, we'll say,
Be constrained to the top,
cuz you're a navbar now little box,
you're no longer a bad radio button.
And then, four, if I set it to scale,
let's just leave that for a second.
That's not, yeah, scales, but really, in
this case, what we want is left and right.
That just happened to work, but
trust me, it's not what we wanted.
So now,
if we make it bigger on a horizontal axis,
it's constrained on both the left and
right so it will grow and
shrink on that axis as well.
And now kind of feels like almost
like the Apple Notes application,
right, or a little notepad, right?
And so depending on what you want to do,
you can see various different options,
right?
And so, we've got something that,
I took the iPhone SE frame here,
what we wanna do is make that work, right?
So we've got this idea of a bottom nav,
a top nav,
future Instagram posts,
something along those lines.
Also here as well, we grabbed this,
you can see that's not responsive.
That's not what I want,
as I'm like, adjusting for
different viewports this is
gonna drive me slowly insane.
What I would like is for
it to be a little bit more like,
this hidden one down here, right?
What if I drag it?
Everything kind of grows and
manipulates as we would expect, right?
This makes the designer's life easier and
you'll notice the image shrinks,
but my sidebar stays the same,
but kind of the,
if the three lines is a hamburger menu,
I've decided that these are street tacos.
So this is a street taco menu, you can see
the bookmarks kinda stay where they're
supposed to go,
everything kind of adjusts.
Even this picture in the middle kinda
fills it out and is bound appropriately.